150 miles outside of Las Vegas there is
a place where unexplained phenomena
occur but it is known as which mountain
where - he was travel in that direction
latitude 400 points 5 we're just gonna
stick with that direction this vehicles
behind us are indicating a pattern of
pursuit and I'm just gonna let him pass
my brother and I would not from your
planet well you don't look like little
green people with antennas that take me
to your leader earthlings oh you're
telling me you think those two kids were
extraterrestrials searching for their
missing spaceship oh they can also do
all this stuff to our spaceship is
locked inside which mountain if we don't
get there in time the invasion will
begin its name don't worry I'll get you
to where you need to go we appreciate
your understanding she talks to dogs of
course she does
you are in way over your head we got him
we have to hurry
keep doing it I get claustrophobic in
tight places how are you with Heights
you do now to fly this thing right I
think we got you why will you crashed
remember